New Navy Ships (#4004)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/ships.txt

	description "The Dreadnought is a new warship that was designed by Southbound Shipyards in order to provide a large capital ship for the Free Worlds fleets, something capable of standing up to a Navy Cruiser or even a Carrier."

ship "Dropship"
	sprite "ship/dropship"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/dropship"
	attributes
		category "Fighter"
		licenses
			Navy
		"cost" 91000
		"shields" 600
		"hull" 200
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 9
		"mass" 30
		"drag" 0.8
		"heat dissipation" .9
		"cargo space" 5
		"outfit space" 100
		"weapon capacity" 16
		"engine capacity" 40
		weapon
			"blast radius" 12
			"shield damage" 120
			"hull damage" 60
			"hit force" 180
	outfits
		"Beam Laser" 2
		
		"nGVF-BB Fuel Cell"
		"Supercapacitor"
		"D14-RN Shield Generator"
		"Small Radar Jammer"
		
		"X1700 Ion Thruster"
		"X1200 Ion Steering"
	
	engine 13 26
	engine -13 26
	gun 2 -27 "Beam Laser"
	gun -2 -27 "Beam Laser"
	leak "leak" 60 50
	explode "tiny explosion" 15
	explode "small explosion" 5

> 	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Auxiliaries often act as a forward operating base when landed on planets, so moving the entire Auxiliary isn't much of an option when a large number of troops need moved to a different sector. Thats where the Dropship comes in, a small, fast, and cramped vessel able to move considerable numbers of troops at great speeds for its size."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Dropships were designed with the Navy's Auxiliary in mind. Auxiliaries often act as a forward operating base when landed on planets, so moving the entire Auxiliary isn't much of an option when a large number of troops need to be moved to a different sector. That's where the Dropship comes in, a small, fast, and cramped vessel able to move considerable numbers of troops at great speeds for its size."
```
